---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Code of Conduct
---

This week in class, we talked about Contributions, Anatomy of FOSS project, and Code of Conduct. Before taking the class, I thought it was a given for people to follow typical code of conduct, be respectful, etc, but it is nice to see that it is an important part of many Open Source projects and that it is enforced. Having a doc helps clear up any doubts some people may have about the material they can post and share, and for things that they can or cannot say. Because Open Source projects are open to everyone, and are dependent on others in some cases to grown and improve, it is important to insure that everyone is on the same page and that everyone is respectful to each other. That those who contribute are not afraid to do so, and that they feel welcome. That anyone who is not respectful is not welcome and that they will be removed from the project.

<!--more-->

Personally, I would much prefer to work on projects that have an explicit document for a Code of Conduct, as it sets the expectations for behavior, and how any issues that could arise during the contribution would be dealt with. As for whether it is realistic to enforce it, I believe that it is. Of course it is impossible to track anything that happens outside of main project communication platform, but for when an act does happen there, or is brought to the attention of the project, it is important to have a plan in place to deal with it. Therefore, without a community there would be no need for a code of conduct, but with community, it is important to have one in place. While administrators or anyone who is assigned to enforce the code of conduct may not be able to catch everything, a community that is aware of the code of conduct and is willing to enforce it, will be able to catch most of the issues that arise.