---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - The Start
---

I registered for the course because of a wish to work on real projects instead of learning theory. Being a senior that is about to step into the world of workforce, I want to be prepared for the challenges that I will face.

I am hoping that this course will help me to get a better understanding of the software development process and the tools that are used in the industry. I am also hoping to learn how to work in a team and how to communicate with other developers. I am looking forward to contributing to already existing projects and contributing to the open source community.

When I hear open source, my first thought is linux operating system. I have been using it for a while now when i do some work in cybersecurity, and it's been a great tool for the tasks on hand. 

To address the topic of open source vs closed source, I think that open source is a great way to learn and contribute to the community. It is also a great way to get feedback on your work and improve your skills. Through open source, you can also get a better understanding of how the industry works and what tools are used. Closed source on the other hand is a solid way to protect intellectual property and make money, but if you really think that the software will never be reverse engineered, you are wrong. Therefore, unless you are looking for money, I think that open source is the way to go. When thinking about problems with open source, not too many come to mind, since there are many difference licenses in place, but the biggest one i would say is the lack of support in some cases and possibility of your code being used in a malicious way.

<h2 Top 4 Open Source Projects >

Signal-Desktop - its an open source messaging app that i have been using for most of my communications. It is one of the most secure messaging apps out there and it is also very easy to use.

React - its an open source library that i have been using for a while now and i think its a great tool for web development. I used it for my biggest project so far and it was a great learning experience.

Linux - its an operating system that i have been using mainly for cybersecurity. It is a great tool for penetration testing and other tasks. Although it is not the most user friendly, it is very powerful and customizable.

Ryujinx - its an open source Nintendo Switch emulator that introduced me to the world of emulation. I have been experimenting with it for a while now and think its a very cool and interesting project.