---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Progress and Contributions to Spicetify Progress
---

Hi! This is an update on the progress so far on my and team's contributions to Spicetify. To give a brief intro: Spicetify is an open source project that allows users to customize Spotify's UI. It has many repos and quite a big community with main communication on Discord. Main moderators are quite active and responsive, which is great as it allows for quick feedback and help. From asking them about what they recommend working on, they suggested to create a theme or extension, as there are not too many issues for beginners, as they are changing the way they are doing things and are working on a new version.
 
<!--more-->

During the time we've had we have done 2 contributions already - both related to documentation. We noticed that the documentation was not very clear and had some issues, link not working, or some files missing, so after confirming that it was ok with the team, worked on improving and fixing it. Our next upcoming steps are: developing a theme and an extension. A theme would be an interesting one, something that we'd think looks cool, and for an extension we are thinking of making a study mode. It would be a toggle that you turn on, and once its on, it'll instantly play music from a pre-selected playlist.

The extensions design we were thinking the following: a button below search (on the left) to take a user to the playlist page (this is where they would select a default study playlist). This page would have some of the recommended playlists by us and playlists that they could add by searching. After selecting it, all it takes to go into "study mode" is to toggle the switch. This would be a fun project to work on, and we are looking forward to it.