---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Video Watching and Contributions so far
---

This week we were tasked to pick and watch different sets of videos that talk about open source development within "Social Good" industries. I watched the one that was on agriculture. Before watching it, I, as many people, have assumed that most farmers are people who work on farms and do manual labor. The set of videos i watched taught me that anyone can be a farmer, as long as they can contribute to "farming". With the development of food computers, that is fully opensource, people within any environment can grow almost any crop, and can do so in a controlled environment. They can also conduct tests and try different variables to see the crop reactions, and therefore pick out the most optimal and maybe novel settings for growing things. This technology, and many others, allow anyone to be able to understand it, grow food (if they want) and contribute their findings and to the community. This is a very powerful tool, and I think that it is a great example of how open source can be used to help the world. The other videos I found interesting. Especially the video set on Education. I agree that a lot of education resources should be open source so that anyone can learn a set of topics, and also contribute to the learning material. This is a great way to ensure that the learning material is always up to date, and that it is always relevant. 

<!--more-->

Regarding my contributions, my main contribution so far, is contributing to the wikipedia page. This contribution entails following best practice for contributing to wikipedia. When looking through the pages, I cam across a page dedicated to february 23, which mentioned the day in the calendar, and holidays, national and internal tied to the day. Being a Ukrainian, I noticed that the page did not mention that February 23 is a national holiday in Ukraine, and that it is called "Defender of the Fatherland Day". I added this information to the page, and also added a link to the wikipedia page that talks about the holiday. This was done in ukrainian language. Contributing to wikipedia was interesting because pages follow different content, if you try to add on to the already existing content/page, then you have to follow the format. For mine, I had to find a template for a ukrainian flag in ukrainian and then add it. I plan to follow through in a few days and add the same correction to the english version of the page. I am also currently working on a contribution to one of the extension teams, in particular StudyTool, wanting to expand their youtube videos links. I have already started doing some research into bigger open source projects, looking to select a few new ones that are of interest to me.