---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - Thoughts on Open Source Origins + Group Progress
---

Learning about the origins of open source, I must say, it makes sense for it to exist. If I encountered such an issue with a printer, and in many other places, I think I would also have the urge to make my own version and most likely open in to the public.The fact that there was only custom corporate software for specific hardware is rough, but that is what mattered at that time - hardware, and software last. In regards to people who have and are working on open source software - there are a lot of extremely cool and interesting projects, like Wikipedia, Linux, Git, etc. Without the strong community and many people dedicating their time and efforts into building these projects out, none of them most likely would have been as great as they are today.
 
<!--more-->

In regards to Group Projects with the team, we are still in the stage of selecting a project. We are mainly considering between Spicetify and OpenCollective. Both look very interesting and have places where good work can be done. We have emailed and reached out to the teams behind these two projects to see if any would respond. If they do, we would set up a meeting to talk to the engineering team and see talk about places where best to contribute and things like that. Both projects are rather viable, so it is more of selecting one that is better than the other, while this other is still great. The team itself seems great, all members have experience with web development and have agreed that they are interested in either of the 2 projects. Looking forward to the next steps.

