---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - Git and Extension
---

This week we started a team activity where we are creating a custom Firefox browser extension. We also learned more about version controls and how to use git.

The in-class git exercises were helpful. I think that the class benefitted from them. Although i have been using git for a while now, I did not know about the upstream command to pull from the original repository, which must be useful for working on opensource projects. In the midst of on the pulls, there was a conflict that forced me to rebase my branch and modify the contents of the file to get it working. Overall it was a good learning experience. P.S. i also learned some jokes from this exercise.

<!--more-->

The group project. For it, we decided to make a header type extension for Firefox. In this header, we want to move images of presidential candidates. They would be sliding from right to left and left to right at different speeds. Pictures are also held in a stack and being randomly chosen so that there is no pattern to the order of the images. To follow the opensource model, we are using git to manage the project. We have a Contributions file and we are using an open source License. We also have a read me, that describes the project. My biggest contribution so far has been creating and starting the project, creating a manifest file, and a javascript script for selecting images and moving them. This functionality is mostly done and already pushed to the repository. Next are the steps of testing, getting the images, and applying some style elements. 