---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Group Projects and Extension Work
---

This week we finalized the group project which was to create a custom Firefox browser extension. Our idea was to develop a sort of a header that would have the moving images of presidential candidates and I think we did a good job. End result was a well executed header that had images of presidential candidates moving from left to right at constant speeds. The images were also held in a stack and being randomly chosen so that there was no pattern to the order of the images. We also followed the opensource model by using git to manage the project. We had a Contributions file and we used an open source License. We also had a read me, that described the project. We worked well as a team, mainly using a messages chat to communicate. We did not run into any major blockers and when we did, we resolved them through thinking of different fixes and them implementing a solution that worked.

<!--more-->

This is not my first time working on a team developing a project and I am rather happy with the progress we did, and the end result. Communication was good. I affirmed that I prefer to have think in a more structured manner, with assigned roles, and start early. After talking about the project and discussing our vision, I wrote up and pushed a solid skeleton code that tool in images into a stack, randomized the order, and move them in different directions. Using this as baseline, we realized some issues that we had in the idea, therefore limited the code to only moving images from left to right and at constant speed, although we added a sliding bar to change the interval at which images followed each other. We also added a button to stop the movement of the images.

Me and Brandon were mainly responsible for coding, and Rushitha made sure that the project followed and included all of open source best practices. In this project I learned about building browser extensions and things that need to be considered when making an opensource project, from a license to the images you use in the project. I also have never code for a sliding bar before so it was neat to understand how to implement it and how it worked (Thanks to Brandon). 

The other teams have done a good job with their projects. I particularly think that Tyler1ify was very cool. I am not 100% how they made their project work, so need to look through the code. Their idea was on Youtube to find thumbnails and place images of Tyler1 (a streamer) on top of them. I am wondering if it was simply done through a content script or if they used the Youtube API to find the thumbnails. Many other extensions were rather simple and silly, but cool nevertheless. There was one that had a bug, WebPad, so i am considering of taking a look at it as well and seeing if i can troubleshoot it.