---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - Cathedral and Bazaar + Project Update
---

Cathedral and Bazaar was an interesting read, and was even better as a discussion as we could hear other people's thoughts and perspectives. My initial quote was "To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you" and i stuck with it. Not that others did not resonate with me, it is because I consider myself to be a person who is able to dig deeply into concepts and things and understand them, without getting tired, when I am interested in them - I event feel more energized. This is why I chose this quote. But I must say, that when i was reading the article, most of the quotes were missed, so hearing people talk about them was great. During class we also had a short discussion on what we felt is better - cathedral or bazaar. I did talk in class about my opinion, but to reinstate it, I think that both are good in their own ways, while a mix is even better. Some projects need one model, some the other, but most of the time it would be a mix of two.

<!--more-->
 
Our work on the project so far has been steady. Theme is mainly done and work on the app is moving forward. Draft of working buttons and planned UI are already completed and we are moving onto spotify API, which I am responsible for, and timer creation + other feature that we think are appropriate. We have also thought about the presentation and have already created a slide deck to give an introduction to the project we are contributing, after which we would move onto talking and demonstrating the app itself with the theme. Overall, we are on track and are looking forward to the final presentation.