---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Video Reflection and Project Update
---

I thought that the videos were quite interesting. They did introduce me to some ways that opensource can be used. Banks for example can open up their software so that it is easier for their clients and other companies understand what is being used and make the integration + troubleshooting easier. This can result in more clients and more money, without any new investments. This can also result in people contributing to the software and potentially making it better. The fact that it is avaiable, does minimize the need for a big amount of staff that is responsible for troubleshooting and answering questions, so this is another positive. The film industry also made a good point that back in the day software was expensive and not widely available. To solve that projects like OpenEXR, Blender, and others were created and are now widely used in the industry. This has made it easier for smaller projects to be created without the prohibitive costs of similar proprietary software.

<!--more-->
 
Our work on the project so far has been good. We have approved a draft of wireframes for the extension - how it will look. I am personally doing research on the Spotify API usage, since we would need to use it in order to add a search functionality and access to playlists. Overall it is moving smoothly. A recent issue we ran into is that Spicetify has a rather unclear documentation on which repository to use for what, and so we believe we should have used the app respository over the extension repository since the app allows us to create react components, while the extension one is mostly HTML and CSS. We will be meating tomorrow to discuss this matter and will most likely reach out to the Spicetify team for clarification.


