---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Tidepool Presentation and Project Update
---

Hearing about Tidepool was super cool. Christopher was certainly passionate about the project and its impact to people. For me, its the impact that is incredible. Them being fully open source - opening up their code, sprints, comments, reviews, transcripts of meetings with FDA is a good concept, although could be viewed as risky. Viewed as risky, because their competition would know their next steps, their dealings, and see some of the code and interactions to maybe get some inspirations. But on the good side, it also allows their potential clientele to know what is going on in the company, understand how the technology works, and be able to customize it for their needs if needed. Here, the user base is anyone who is in need of the product - those who are diabetic. These users are aware of the things that the company is doing, follow it, and understand it. Regular users of enterprise open source software don't really get to experience this, as they are but users, and not spectators and followers.

<!--more-->
 
Our work on the project so far has been good. We are doing final touches for the theme and continuing to work on the extension. There were some challenges and inconveniences that we tackled. We started out extension work in a different repository, which seemed correct because it was the extension repository. However, we found out that the app repository was the correct one to use, as it allows us to create react components and more customization. In addition there have been a few blockers where there is a need to research the APIs and other things, but overall its going well. I had trouble getting the Spotify API to get me the correct playlists for some time but that was resolved. 