---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Thoughts on Open Source Projects
---

So far we have looked at quite a few open source projects and i must say that not many of them look like they are easy to contribute to. Some are popular and have an active community, but there are some that are, in a way, desolate. I looked at project Alex, and while it used to be popular, it is no longer so. I believe that it is because of the changing times and recent active advancements in ai that have pushed and killed a lot of projects, as new ones simply provide wider ranges of services, and better quality. 

I am quite excited about selecting an interesting open source project to work on due to a few reasons: i get to understand the project in more depth; will improve my contribution experience and understanding of how to contribute to open source projects; imrove myself as a developer.
I think that it would be very cool. Looking at already existing issues and seeing if you can solve any of them, or play around with the project until you encounter some issues, would be quite interesting. The worry and frustration that is very likely is that it would be so complex, that I and my team would not be able to contribute successfully. Of course i think that this is unlikely, because we would take out time, and also join the community channels to chat with developers in them and see if they have some advice or can answer our questions. Overall, i think that we have all the resources needed to successfully overcome most challenges that arise and time in order to figure out what to do to contribute, and actually contribute.